as the movie starts we see two girls who
were best friends
one of these girl's name was kayla and
she is the main character of the movie
then they have a bad conversation and
they leave each other
when kayla moves a bit forward she hears
her friends scream
therefore she comes back to see her
friend she sees that someone is taking
her best friend by making her faint
after it someone sees as kayla too when
kayla comes to her senses she finds
herself in a box
a red colored light was blinking in the
box with it
we hear the sound of ultrasonic waves
this sound was making kayla feel
disturbed
because she was unable to bear that
sound she tries to get out of the box
but couldn't
kayla was screaming and hitting the box
then after some time
she manages to open the box's door and
gets out of the box
she finds herself in the forest and then
she remembers that someone took her
friend
too she thinks that her friend must have
been knocked unconscious and brought
here
therefore she calls her friend's name
kayla was unable to understand that how
she came here
and who brought her here to escape and
to seek help
she starts running here and there then
she finds
two girls like her there those girls
were also brought here after kidnapping
those girls were friends too one of
those girls was a girl named sheena
she asks kayla if she has a cell phone
kayla thinks that her cell phone must be
in that box where she was kept
when they checked the phone there was no
cell phone there
it means that their kidnappers took
their cell phones away
suddenly kayla suffers an attack and
darkness sheds in front of her eyes
in a short time she gets faint as she
gets faint
she gets connected to someone's else
brain it means she was able to see
everything that was happening there
in spite of being faint she sees that a
man is walking around with an axe in his
hand
after some time when she becomes
conscious she sees that sheena wasn't
there but only her friend was
kayla asks sheena's friend about sheena
she asks
where did she go she says that when you
lost your senses she went
she asks kayla that why did she get
faint kayla says that i've got a
disorder in which i suffer from many
attacks and i become faint
here the question is if kayla was
unconscious how she was able to see the
reality she was seeing the same thing as
the man who had an axe in his hand
then both of these girls go to the place
where sheena went
at some distance they find the same box
as the box kayla was kept in
then they see a man having a mask on his
face and an axe in his hand
both girls hide as they see the man this
was only the man
whom kayla saw when she was unconscious
kayla was seeing through his eyes
basically but what could be the logic
behind
it that kayla was looking at the world
through his sight
that axeman was coming to the box kayla
suffers an attack again
suddenly she becomes faint again kaylee
gets connected to the axe man's brain
again
when sheena's friend sees that kayla has
become faint
she runs away from there but the axeman
sees that girl running and he chases her
kayla could see this too that she was
being chased by the axeman
as she goes forward axeman throws his
axe towards her
it doesn't hit that girl and that axe
hits the tree
sheena's friend takes that ax and
attacks the axeman
but axeman snatches her axe from that
girl he seizes that girl and kills her
in a brutal way
when kayla comes to her senses she comes
to sheena's friend
she sees that her friend is dead and
seeing this she gets afraid
kayla starts running to save her life
after covering some distance
she comes out of the forest area she was
continuously running to escape from
there
but a device was fixed around the forest
as she went near the device it became
red
the sound of an ultrasonic wave could be
heard through it
when kayla moved far away from this
device that device turned green
now kayla was out of the forest she
could run from here
but that device and ultrasonic waves
weren't letting her run out of here
there was another thing that was fixed
in her brain due to which she was able
to connect
to that axeman she sits there being
tired
kayla sees a girl running towards her
and the axe man was behind that girl
axeman throws his axe towards that girl
and that hits the back of that girl and
she gets injured
a man was speedily coming there to kill
kayla but axeman was trying to stop him
from doing this
it seemed as if he wanted to save
kayla's life the man who was there to
kill kayla was sickman
axeman and sickman get into a huge fight
here
they start hitting each other availing
the chance kayla comes to that girl and
takes her away from there
we see that sickman injured axeman
hitting him badly
he goes from there to catch kayla kayla
hides that girl in a place
and goes to seek some help then sickman
goes to that girl and drags her after
hitting her
that girl appeals for mercy but sickman
tries to take out both of her hands
then a man having pig mask on his face
comes in front of kayla
this was pigmen pigman was trying to
kill kayla
but when sickman takes out the girl's
hands head of the pigmen gets blasted
and he dies
kayla picks up the pigman's weapon and
runs away there was some cabin so
kayla enters one of it then someone
comes behind kayla
kayla stabs him using that weapon but
this was a girl
who was brought here after being
kidnapped like kayla
then sheena along with another girl
comes there when those girls find their
friend dead
they get afraid kayla says that she
didn't kill her intentionally
but i unconsciously killed her here
kayla suffers from an attack again
she gets connected to ax man's brain
again when kayla becomes
faint she sees her friend this time who
was being hidden by someone
this means someone is protecting her
friend when kayla comes to her senses
she sees that the girl who came with
sheena was so afraid and numb
sheena has again gone somewhere kayla
tries to explain that girl that she
didn't kill that girl intentionally
that girl says okay i am trusting you
she introduces herself as rose kayla and
rose become friends here
they promise to protect and help each
other instead of leaving each other in
trouble
kayla tells rose that there's my friend
also who is trapped here
we have to find her to save her life
kayla thinks that when she gets faint
how does she get connected to ax-man's
brain
kayla remembers that when she was
brought in this forest she was in the
surgical room
the doctor did something on her eyes
kayla thinks that if she had been
tampered
it would have been done with other
people too therefore
kayla starts pulling eye of that dead
girl rose gets afraid seeing this
when kayla pulls her eye out she
observes some wires fixed in it
here kayla gets everything that how she
was connected to ax man's brain
but only kayla was able to get connected
to his brain and no one else
it was because of her disorder then
sheena comes there and kayla tries to
explain everything to her
kayla tells that a wire is fixed in our
eyes it was done so that killer can have
a check on us
when i got connected to that man's brain
i saw my friend
too i saw someone protecting my friend
who was a beast she was my friend's
guardian beast
this means each kingdom has a separate
guardian beast who protects its girls
and kills others
if a girl is killed her guardian beast
will also get killed
when sickman was coming to kill kayla
ax-man protected her
and that was the reason behind it in
fact axeman was kayla's guardian beast
if we talk about combined death of the
guardian and the victim
was when the pigman's head blasted
because her girl got killed
in fact it was designed like a game just
in greed of money the person who
survives will be the winner of this game
here sheena becomes selfish she thinks
that if she killed kayla and rose
their guardians will also die after it
she plans to kill kayla's friend so that
her guardian beast dies too
she would be left alone she will be the
survivor and the winner
when kayla and rose get wind of it they
run towards a cabin
sickman also comes outside their cabin
therefore
they try to escape using whey from
behind but rose's foot gets stuck
somewhere then sickman comes there and
takes rose away from there and he tries
to kill rose
then kayla comes inside and she competes
with sickman to save rosa's life
sickman seizes kayla instead of rose now
then rose cuts sickman's fingers to save
kayla's life and both of these girls
kill sickman together
then a guardian beast comes there he
wasn't roses or kayla's guardian
when he looks at sickman's dead body he
runs from there
kayla comes outside and she encounters
sheena sheena was finding kayla's friend
to kill her
then that guardian beast who came
earlier comes again
and takes rose with him he starts
beating rose taking her inside
he was sheena's guardian beast kayla's
guardian beast
axeman cuts sheena's head into half and
he kills her
as sheena dies so does her guardian
beast head also blast off
that saves rose's life kayla kills her
guardian beast herself
so that he doesn't become a danger to
her friend and rose
when kayla sees that her friend is safe
and sound she becomes happy
but rose gets jealous when she sees
their friendship
therefore she starts abusing her friend
and say bad things to her
but kayla asks her to shut her mouth
there was a tunnel using which they
could escape but it was closed so they
were trapped there and they couldn't
escape
then another guardian beast comes there
who was of kayla's friend
then kayla picks up the axe and stands
in front of him but she suffers the
attack again
rose thinks that if i kill kayla's
friend her guardian beast will die too
to save her life she cuts kayla's
friend's throat
she dies and so do her guardian beast
when kayla gets up
she finds her best friend dead she feels
so sad
so she calls rose bad and makes her
leave the place
then we see that kayla has come outside
near the device and kayla takes out her
left eye herself
she did it because she knew that this
was the eye the wire was set up in
as she pulls the eye out she was unable
to hear ultrasonic waves
therefore kayla leaves that place as
rose was the only survivor so she is
declared winner
on the other side we see a man who was
seeing what happened in the forest
then kayla also comes there who makes
that man unconscious
in fact that man was the member of the
company in which people were being
killed
it means he was also responsible for
taking girls to the forest
kayla asks about the names of other team
members as he utters their names
kayla kills him after it kayla plans to
kill other team members and with this
the movie ends here